The more you study, the more you understand Jehovah, the more you understand Jehovah, the more you love them.
Jehovah clearly tells us that my thoughts are not your thoughts.
So if you want to understand Jehovah's thinking better, we need to dig deep in our study
and then share those thoughts with others.
Personal study is like fuel that keeps you going.
Personally, I'm not a good student, but I really learned how to study the Bible.
The Bible came alive during Gilead.
Self-discipline is involved very much.
I overcome the tiredness aspect of Bible study by not doing it at a time of day
when I know I'm going to be tired.
I can be tired for other things later on, but not for that.
Each session of my Bible study begins with a prayer.
Please help me recognize it is counsel for me and then give me the strength to work on it.
I have a color code system, so I know what certain things stand for.
I have a particular color for Jehovah's good hand in people's lives
that have another color for warning examples.
I have another core.
Find examples to imitate.
Study and Meticion wakes together.
Study helps us to acquire information.
And Meticion empowers us to put that information into practice.
You have to get behind the information, not just focus on one verse or a one chapter.
See who's involved, the time, the conditions, how many people are there,
and then you'll get the true meaning of the verse.
John 1-1, who is the word?
We can go to verse 18.
Begotten meant he had a beginning, a time when he started.
When he began, in heaven with his father.
That's where he was.
Philippians 4, 6 and 7 is a scripture that I've read many times over.
The peace of God that excels all thought.
Okay.
How do you get that?
It's from having a good relationship with Jehovah.
How is it that God's peace guards your heart by means of Christ Jesus our Lord?
And I said, why by Jesus?
Because Jesus paid the ransom.
That ransom is what makes possible a relationship with Jehovah.
So it almost goes full circle.
During my personal study, I tried to identify principles.
To do this, I tried to look behind the commandment.
For instance, at May 28, 1920, Jesus commanded us to go and make disciples.
Beyond this commandment, I find this principle of loving our neighbor.
Using this principle helped me to preach to all sorts of people
the goddess of their gender, race or nationality.
I attended a school for congregation elders which had gilded graduates as instructors.
One of the methods is to analyze a certain Bible account from different perspectives.
We can't see the whole picture from one angle.
I share my research results with Bible students.
And that helps them to know Jehovah better and it helps them to see
that what they're studying is a practical value.
I had studied up on Jacob.
He wrestled all night with an angel.
And I wanted to share it with some of my friends.
One of the brothers that happened to sit around when this discussion was going on.
He came back to me and he said to me,
I had concluded my arrangements to quit for time service.
But after listening to that discussion, I've decided I'm no longer stopping.
And that was such a wonderful moment for me.
I thanked Jehovah.
When I learned that I was going to become a mom, I said,
Jehovah, if this little one could love you, then I'll get to keep him forever.
Then I began to teach everything I was learning to him.
So it's a matter of keeping my face strong and there's no shortcut.
Every session of study that is properly done with good meditation
adds a new pillar to the strength of our faith.
I look forward to those times when I can run upstairs by myself
and just shut everything off and it's just me and Jehovah.
Life today is very unpredictable.
I've come to see that as long as I keep a tight grip on God's word,
nothing can separate me from God's love.